#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Below, we define the eight season-long performance statiscs using the 2015/16
 La Liga season of Real Madrid C.F.
 as an example.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Most Home Goals (MHG) = maximum goals scored in a single match played at
 home.
 For the season 2015/2016, Real Madrid’s MHG is 10.
 They beat Rayo Vallecano by 10-2 at Santiago Bernabéu Stadium on 12/20/2015.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Most Away Goals (MAG) = maximum goals scored in a single away match.
 For the season 2015/2016, Real Madrid’s MAG is 6.
 They defeated Espanyol 6-0 on 9/12/2015 at RCDE stadium.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Largest Margin of Victory (LMV) = the largest difference betweem the number
 of goals scored and the number of goals surrendered by the winning team
 in a single Liga regular season match.
 Real Madrid achieved a LMV of 8, when they won against Rayo Vallecano 10-2
 on 12/20/2015.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Largest Margin of Defeat (LMD) = the largest difference betweem the number
 of goals surrendered and the number of goals scored by the losing team
 in a single Liga regular season match.
 Teal MAdrid's 2015/16 LMD is 4, when they lost to Barcelona for Real Madrid
 0-4 on 11/21/2015.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Longest Winning Streak (LWS) = the maximum number of wins in succession,
 or the maximum number of wins in a row.
 For the 2015/2016 season, Real Madrid enjoyed a LWS of 12 games between
 3/2/2016 and 5/14/2016.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Longest Unbeaten Streak (LUBS) = the maximum number of matches in succession
 played without being defeated (win or draw).
 Between 3/2/2016 and 5/14/2016, Real Madrid played 12 La Liga matches without
 suffering a single loss.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Longest Losing Streak (LLS) = longest series of losses by a team.
 Real Madrid is considered one of the best teams in La Liga and in the world,
 evident from their LLS being only 2 games between 11/8/2015 and 11/21/2015.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Longest Winless Streak = most matches without a win, their either draw or
 loose, Real Madrid had a winless streak of only 2 games in the same season.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
